I am S. M. Harun Rashid, a self-driven, change oriented and hard working person. I've worked in the field of information technology for almost two decades. During that span of time I have worked as network admin for 10 years. Later, I felt interested in web programming, and I expanded my skills in the field of software development and working successfully for the last ten years in many top private sector life insurance companies in Bangladesh.

 In 2019, I completed my MASTERS IN ACTUARIAL SCIENCE from University of Dhaka, and in 2007, I received my Master's degree in Telecommunication and Computer Networking from London South Bank University in the United Kingdom. Prior those in 2000, I earned BSC  in  Computer Science and Engineering. Along with my multifunctional educational degrees, I've also attended Bangladesh Computer Council's Professional Training in Computer Network Administration and Technical Management.

I started my career in the field of Information Technology in 1999, while I was in my last year of a bachelor program in Computer Science and Engineering. Throughout my 22-year professional career, I have enlarged exquisite experience of working with variety of people & organizations in diverse geographic locations. It would be a privilege for me to mention Pragati Life Insurance Ltd, a leading Private sector Life Insurance of Bangladesh, where I am now employed as a Senior Manager. My primary responsibilities involve providing technical consultations and developing RESTful APIs. I designed and implemented some API’s for collecting insurance premiums from policyholder’s using some of the biggest MFS and Banks, such as bKash and Dutch-Bangla  Ltd, Nagad, Bank Asia Agent Banking, & many more.

I also have experience creating and deploying IOS, Android, and online applications for payment gateways that take Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Union Pay, Q-Cash, and Nexus Pay.

 I feel that my ability to work freely with a variety of operating systems and programming languages, as well as MVC and frameworks such as Flutter, Java SpringBoot, Oracle, Codeigniter, Linux, and VMware,ASP .NET is my greatest asset. 
My most serious flaw I believe that my inability to say "no" to every request results in my taking on more duties than I am capable of.

My dream is to lead a technical team having good numbers of technically sound IT professionals and keep positive contribution in the overall growth of the organization I work for. So far I’ve been managing reasonably large IT team in my current & previous organizations where I found myself enjoying the mentoring the leadership activities.

While implementing APIs for various organizations I had to interact with various professionals  those are financially and technically sound of diverse local & multinationals banks, MFS and insurance regulators. Sharing the knowledge, views & working relationships with those people are my great achievements I believe. Despite having passion for my professional duties, I enjoy dealing with Automobiles and enjoy driving.
